WebGL/P2P (#50)
extreal-dev/Extreal.Guide: i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/sample-app/test-planning.md

## Performance test

- Test Method
  - Run for 1.5 hours with 10 people accessing the virtual space
  - The number of accesses will be secured by a test application
    - The test application will have no UI and only player operation will be performed

>   - Application CPU usage/memory usage is monitored and data is used to determine acceptance criteria.
>   - The server monitors CPU utilization/memory usage and determines passing criteria based on the data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Visually determine the application's acceptance criteria using PC at hand
  - Application CPU usage/memory usage is monitored and data is used to determine acceptance criteria
```

Author: Fixed!
https://github.com/extreal-dev/Extreal.Guide/pull/50/commits/0c1a33d47cab7a0d124da39b053a2312c353f221

Reviewer: 確認しました！
